

Busienss Systems Analyst/ Programmer

My job at DSI

system administration, automation, and scripting tasks.

File Manipulation,Automation and Task Scheduling,Scripting

 Writing Python, Bash scripts to automate repetitive tasks or perform complex operations in AWS environment.

File Manipulation: Bash provides a wide range of commands and utilities for working with files and directories. You can create, copy, move, rename, delete files, and perform tasks such as searching, filtering, and processing files based on patterns or specific criteria.

Automation and Task Scheduling: Bash scripts can be used to automate repetitive tasks, such as backups, system maintenance, log rotation

-----------
DevOps Engineer (CI/CD)

Software and Services

Our team runs the Build & Test CI pipeline for applications, which supports thousands of developers around the globe.develop applications and micro-services to build and improve our next-generation Build & Test CI pipeline.
Key Qualifications
Proficient in Python programming
Experience working on Unix/Linux-based platforms
Experience with DevOps tools such as Docker, Kubernetes
Experience with software development processes such as building, unit testing, code analysis, release process, and code coverage
Experience with CI/CD process and platforms e.g., Jenkins
Computer Science fundamentals (object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, and complexity analysis)
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent written and oral communication skills and ability to work with large development teams
Experience developing in an object-oriented programming language such as  Java
Description
Develop and maintain Build & Test CI pipeline for Application development teams
Collaborate across teams to improve the build, integration & release process
Develop and maintain services and integrations for Apps Services Build & Test CI pipeline
Maintain and administrate dynamic K8s/Linux/Unix clusters
Ability to participate in an after-hours on-call rotation schedule

Education & Experience


Additional Requirements
Experience developing Python-based micro-services using Django/Flask
Proficient in compiled languages:Java
Experience with GitHub development workflow
Experience with Jenkins administration and scaling
Experience scaling CI/CD systems and micro-services

-------
Development
1. every commit trigger automated tests and automated code quality checks.
2. Is your code continuously delivered to production?
Do you use pair programming?
Do you use TDD and BDD?
Do you have a lot of re-usable modules?
Can development teams self provision environments?
How long does it take to deliver a quick fix to production?

Test
Are your tests full automated with high quality
production like test data?
Does your builds fail when your automated tests
fail?
Are your testing cycles small?
Do you have automated NFR tests?

Deployment
Do you have Dev Prod Parity?
Do you use A/B Testing?
Do you use canary deployments?
Can you deploy at the click of a button?
Can you rollback at the click of a button?
Can you provision and release infrastructure at
the click of a button?
Do you use IAC and version control your
infrastructure?

Teams and Processes
Is the team looking to continuously improve?
Does the team have all the skills it needs from
Business, Development and Operations?
Does the team track the key devops metrics and
improve on them?
Do you have the culture of take Local Discoveries
and using them to make Global Improvements?

DEVOPS TRANSFORMATIONS
Leadership Buy-in is Critical
Involves Upfront Costs
Setup COEs to help teams
Choose the right application and team

Start Small
Sharing Learings (Newsletters, Communication,
COEs)
Encourage People with Exploration and Automation
Mindset
Recognize DevOps Teams

----
Docker - Build deploy images
Kubernetes - Container Orchestration
Terraform - Server Provisioning
Ansible - Configuration Management
Jenkins, Azure Dev Ops - CI/CD with Pipelines
